CompileFuture Website Checklist ✅
create Website with Prompt (give competitor url)
use (logofa.st) for the logo & favicon
Add Favicon (use real favicon generator)
website should be mobile responsive
do SEO with prompt (write about the tool 600 words)
add FAQ section
add privacy policy, about us, terms & conditions, contact us pages
add error pages (404, 500)
robots.txt
sitemap.xml
add google analytics code
add _headers file for cloudflare pages / if using workers then disable workers.dev domains after connecting the .com domain
Website Creation Prompt
I have initialized a new astrojs project, use astro docs mcp and tailwind-4-docs & web-design-guidelines skills for creating the website. Also use @DESIGN.md file and keep the website design like vercel.

Name: Real Online Ruler
Domain: realonlineruler.com

Create an online ruler website that will have ruler on the edges, user can select where to place the ruler. we want these 3 calibration methods
Method 1: Auto-Detect Device
Method 2: Screen Diagonal
Method 3: Credit Card Calibration
   
My competitor website is https://anruler.com/ and it have some features which we need and we need to make a website better than it. Give me ideas how to make it better. go on to this website and check what exactly we need to make. Do not copy design or ui from that website.
SEO Prompt
Do the On Page SEO of this Website for

Main Keyword: Online Ruler
Supporting Keywords: online ruler inches, online ruler in cm, online ruler mm, online ruler cm, free online ruler, online ruler in mm, online ruler camera, mm online ruler, accurate online ruler, 12 inch online ruler, online ruler inches actual size, online ruler to scale, online ruler 12 inch, online ruler tool, online ruler actual size, real online ruler, actual size online ruler

these above keywords, also use proper og meta tags for SEO
on home page write 600 words about the tool for SEO
FAQ Section Prompt
add seo friendly FAQ section for these below questions:

Can I use my phone as a ruler?
Is there a ruler online?
How to identify 1 inch?
How to measure cm online?
Can a smart phone measure?
Can I use my camera as a ruler?
Can we measure online?
how to read a ruler online
how to view ruler in word online
how to add a ruler in word online
how to show ruler in powerpoint online
how to use online ruler
how to add ruler in word online
how to use a ruler online

NOTE: Use JSON-LD for FAQ SEO
example: ```
 <script type="application/ld+json">
 {
 "@context": "https://schema.org",
 "@type": "FAQPage",
 "mainEntity": [{
 "@type": "Question",
 "name": "How to find an apprenticeship?",
 "acceptedAnswer": {
 "@type": "Answer",
 "text": "<p>We provide an official service to search through available apprenticeships. To get started, create an account here, specify the desired region, and your preferences. You will be able to search through all officially registered open apprenticeships.</p>"
 }
 }, {
 "@type": "Question",
 "name": "Whom to contact?",
 "acceptedAnswer": {
 "@type": "Answer",
 "text": "You can contact the apprenticeship office through our official phone hotline above, or with the web-form below. We generally respond to written requests within 7-10 days."
 }
 }]
 }
 </script>
```
_headers file
https://project.pages.dev/*
  X-Robots-Tag: noindex
Links:
Logo & Favicon: https://logofa.st/
Ahrefs Keyword Generator: https://ahrefs.com/keyword-generator
Domain Search: https://instantdomainsearch.com/
Vercel Design MD: https://getdesign.md/vercel/design-md – npx getdesign@latest add vercel
Web design guidelines skill: https://www.skills.sh/vercel-labs/agent-skills/web-design-guidelines
Tailwind v4 Docs: https://www.skills.sh/lombiq/tailwind-agent-skills/tailwind-4-docs or https://github.com/Lombiq/Tailwind-Agent-Skills
AtroJS Docs: https://docs.astro.build/en/getting-started/
Google Analytics: https://analytics.google.com
AstroJS Cloudflare Deploy: https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/deploy/cloudflare/
AstroJS MCP Server: https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/build-with-ai/#astro-docs-mcp-server
Cloudflare: https://dash.cloudflare.com/login
Google Search Console: https://search.google.com/search-console/about
Bing Webmaster: https://www.bing.com/webmasters/about
Google Adsense: https://adsense.google.com/start/
Full Tutorial Video

The Micro-Tool Website Strategy Explained
The concept is simple: find a small, real-world problem → build a focused web tool that solves it → rank it on Google → earn passive income through Google AdSense.

These are not SaaS products requiring teams or funding. A “micro-tool” is a single-page utility — an online ruler, a word counter, a percentage calculator, a color picker. Small, focused, and genuinely useful.

The process to build one takes 3 to 4 days using AI, not months. And the cost to keep it live? Under ₹1,000 per year (just the domain). Hosting is completely free through Cloudflare.

Here’s the plan:

Build one project per month
In a year, you have 12 live, real-world applications
Even if only 1–2 go viral and start ranking on Google, you begin earning passive income
The others still generate traffic, and you can monetize them all with Google AdSense
The tools stay live while you sleep. You keep building. There is no ceiling.

Why This Is a Win-Win for Everyone
Even if none of your 12 tools go viral (which is unlikely if you follow this guide), you still win.

Interviewers today ask for live projects. Not GitHub repos — actual deployed, working applications with real users. Having 12 live projects on your resume puts you in a completely different league from every other candidate. It signals that you:

Know how to take an idea from zero to production
Have shipped real products
Have real users
That alone is enough to land a job. But in practice, at least one or two tools will start ranking and earning — and then you’re your own boss.

How We Earn: Google AdSense + SEO
The monetization model is straightforward:

SEO drives free, organic traffic from Google and Bing
Google AdSense places relevant ads on your website
Every time a visitor sees or clicks an ad, you earn revenue
We specifically target US traffic. The reason: the US CPM (cost per thousand impressions) rate is very high. You can earn from 1,000 US visitors as much as you’d earn from a much larger number of Indian visitors. US users have higher purchasing power, which means higher advertiser spend, which means more revenue for you.

Google AdSense does not approve everyone instantly. You need to:

Follow their content guidelines strictly
Build traffic first (at least 10 daily users before applying)
Have proper legal pages (Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions, About Us, Contact Us)
I have had AdSense approved on 30+ of my websites. The approval tips are covered later in this guide.

Why AstroJS for SEO-First Websites
I’ve tested React, Next.js, and other frameworks. For SEO performance and Google rankings, AstroJS wins by a large margin.

Here’s why:

AstroJS generates pure static HTML by default — the fastest possible output for search engine crawlers
No JavaScript hydration overhead on pages that don’t need it
Perfect Core Web Vitals scores out of the box
Multi-page application (MPA) architecture, which is far better for SEO than single-page apps (SPAs)
Cloudflare recently acquired Astro — which means native, first-class support on Cloudflare’s global CDN
Next.js and React-based sites often struggle to rank because JavaScript-heavy pages can confuse crawlers and slow page load times. With AstroJS, Google indexes your content cleanly every time.

Why Cloudflare for Free Hosting
Cloudflare Pages gives you:

Completely free hosting (up to 100,000 page views per day on the free tier)
A global CDN (Content Delivery Network) that serves your website from the nearest location to each visitor
Automatic HTTPS
Instant cache purging
Extremely fast page load times
A faster website ranks higher on Google. Cloudflare is one of the best CDN networks in the world, and since they acquired Astro JS, the AstroJS + Cloudflare Pages combination is the gold standard for fast, SEO-friendly static sites.

If you hit 100,000 page views per day, that means your website has gone viral — and you’re already earning enough to upgrade to Cloudflare’s paid plan ($5/month). That’s a great problem to have.

Step 1: Finding a Problem Worth Solving
This is the hardest step. Everything else is execution — finding the right problem is where most people get stuck.

The right problem has these traits:

It affects you personally, or someone you know
It seems small (good — small problems have less competition)
There’s currently no great tool solving it
How to find problems:

Notice what you search for on Google and can’t find a good answer to
Go to Reddit and look at complaints in relevant subreddits
Ask questions on Quora
Ask Gemini, Claude, or ChatGPT: “What are small everyday problems people face that could be solved with a simple web tool?”
Look at existing tools and note their weaknesses
Real example from my experience: One day I needed to measure something but didn’t have a ruler. I searched “online ruler” and found websites with poor UI — inaccurate calibration, wrong placement, ugly design. I immediately saw the gap. That became realonlineruler.com.

Analysis steps for any idea:

Google your keyword and check the first 4 pages. If you hit a government website or a Quora thread by page 4, you’ve found a gold mine — Google is starving for good content on that topic.
Note every weakness in the existing top results.
Write down what your tool will do better.
Step 2: Keyword Research with Ahrefs
Before building anything, validate that people are actually searching for your idea.

Tool:Ahrefs Free Keyword Generator

Process:

Enter your main keyword (e.g., “online ruler”)
Check the monthly search volume — even 1,000 monthly US searches is plenty to start with
Go to the Questions tab and copy all the FAQs users are searching for — these will become your website’s FAQ section
Look at the Related terms tab to find supporting keywords (e.g., “online ruler in cm”, “online ruler inches actual size”, “free online ruler”, “accurate online ruler”)
Finding supporting keywords via Google: Type your keyword in Google and press Space — the autocomplete suggestions are real searches from real users. These become your additional target keywords.

US-targeting tip: Build your content and meta tags around US-English phrasing. All your pricing references, ad copy, and tone should feel native to a US audience. That’s where the revenue is.

Step 3: Choosing the Perfect Domain Name
Your domain name is a ranking factor. Get it right.

Rules:

.com only — no exceptions. From experience, .com ranks easiest and is most trusted.
Your primary keyword must be in the domain (e.g., “ruler” must appear in a ruler tool’s domain)
Shorter is better, but keyword presence matters more than length
Avoid hyphens
Tool:Instant Domain Search

Process: Type your main keyword. Everything will be taken — that’s normal. Now start adding words around the keyword (e.g., “real”, “online”, “free”, “accurate”) until you find a short .com that’s available and contains your keyword.

Example: “ruler.com” is taken. “onlineruler.com” is taken. “realonlineruler.com” — available, contains the keywords “real”, “online”, and “ruler” — perfect.

Tip: The first website ranking for your keyword may only have one keyword in its domain. If your domain contains both keywords, your chances of outranking it are significantly higher.

Important: Do NOT buy the domain before you write the code. I made this mistake. Sometimes an idea turns out to be technically difficult or expensive to build. Write the code first, confirm the concept works, then buy the domain.

Where to buy:

Namecheap — best interface, requires a card (no UPI)
GoDaddy — UPI supported, good offers
BigRock — UPI supported, competitive pricing (~₹883/year)
Hostinger — UPI supported (~₹904/year)
A domain costs roughly ₹1,000/year. After one year, if the site is working, renew it. If not, don’t. The risk is minimal.

Step 4: Setup — Git, VS Code, Node.js, and Claude Code
Before writing any code (which the AI will do for you), install these four things:

Git — for version control. Watch my Install Git on Windows / Install Git on Mac videos.
VS Code — your code editor. Available on my channel for Windows and Mac.
Node.js — required to run AstroJS locally. Watch my install guide for Mac or Windows.
Claude Code (or a free AI coding tool) — I use Claude Code. Check my latest video on free AI coding tools, as offers change frequently. At the time of this writing, Cursor AI has a free tier and Gemini CLI is completely free.
Once installed:

Create a new folder named after your planned domain (e.g., realonlineruler.com)
Drag it into VS Code
Open the terminal in VS Code and type claude to launch Claude Code
Step 5: Building the Website with AI
Installing AstroJS
In your VS Code terminal (not the Claude Code terminal — open a separate one):

npm create astro@latest .
Press Enter for all defaults. Choose the “Basic” template. Say Yes to initialize Git. AstroJS is now installed in your project root.

Adding Vercel’s design.md
Vercel publishes a design system document that trains AI agents to produce clean, professional UI. Download it:

npx shadcn@latest init
Or search for “Vercel design.md” on Google and follow the install command in the description. This single file dramatically improves the visual quality of AI-generated websites.

Installing AI Skills
Claude Code supports “skills” — specialized knowledge packs that guide the AI. Install two:

1. Web Design Guidelines (for consistent, professional UI):

claude mcp add web-design-guidelines
2. Tailwind 4 Docs (AI agents know Tailwind v3 well but struggle with v4 — this skill fixes that):

claude mcp add tailwind-v4-docs
Adding the Astro JS MCP Server
AI agents are trained on older versions of Astro. The Astro JS MCP server gives Claude Code access to the latest Astro documentation in real time:

Search “Astro JS MCP” on Google → go to the first link → copy the install command → paste it in VS Code terminal.

This ensures Claude Code writes modern, correct Astro syntax.

Writing the Prompt
In Claude Code, paste this prompt (adapt it to your tool):

I have initialized a new AstroJS project. Use the astro-docs MCP, tailwind-4-docs skill, 
and web-design-guidelines skill. Also use @DESIGN.md. Keep the website design like Vercel.

Name: [Your Tool Name]
Domain: [yourdomain.com]

Create a [describe your tool]. My competitor is [URL] — analyze it, identify its weaknesses, 
and build a better version. Use MPA (multi-page application) architecture for best SEO.
Press Enter. Claude Code will analyze the competitor, generate ideas, and start building your website automatically. It will fix errors as they appear and even run automated tests.

Reviewing and Iterating
Once done, run:

npm run dev
Open the local URL in your browser. Test everything. For each issue you find:

Type /clear in Claude Code to start a fresh session (saves token usage)
Describe the problem precisely
Claude Code fixes it
Common additions at this stage:

Dark mode toggle — essential for modern websites
Mobile responsiveness — test using Chrome DevTools (right-click → Inspect → mobile icon)
Multiple language support — creates separate URL paths for each language, boosting international SEO
Keep iterating until your website is clearly better than every competitor on the first page.

Step 6: On-Page SEO Optimization
Run this SEO prompt in Claude Code after /clear:

Do the on-page SEO of this website for:
Main Keyword: [your keyword]
Supporting Keywords: [comma-separated list from Ahrefs]

Also add proper OG meta tags. Write 600 words about the tool on the home page for SEO.
The 600-word section on your home page is critical. Google needs textual content to understand what your page is about. Pure tool pages with no text almost never rank.

Also ensure:

<title> tag contains your primary keyword
<meta description> is under 160 characters and contains the keyword
All images have descriptive alt attributes
The page URL is clean (e.g., /online-ruler not /page?id=123)
Step 7: Adding an FAQ Section
The FAQ section serves two purposes:

It answers questions people are actually searching for — bringing additional long-tail traffic
Structured FAQ data (JSON-LD) can trigger rich results in Google, increasing your click-through rate significantly
Prompt for Claude Code:

Add an SEO-friendly FAQ section using JSON-LD structured data for these questions:
[paste your questions from Ahrefs "Questions" tab and Google's "People Also Ask"]
Your competitors almost certainly do not have an FAQ section. This alone can tip the ranking in your favor.

Step 8: Required Pages for AdSense Approval
Google AdSense will reject your site without these four pages. Ask Claude Code to generate them all in one prompt:

Create these pages as separate MPA routes for best SEO:
- Privacy Policy
- Terms &amp; Conditions  
- About Us
- Contact Us

Make these pages visible and linked in the home page footer and header. 
This website should be a multi-page application (MPA) for best SEO.
These pages must be clearly accessible from the home page — AdSense reviewers check this.

Other technical requirements:

Add robots.txt with a sitemap link
Generate sitemap.xml with all your page URLs
Add error pages (404, 500) so broken URLs don’t show the default Astro error screen
Add Google Analytics tracking code
Google Analytics setup: Go to analytics.google.com → create a property → get your tracking tag → paste it into Claude Code: “Add this Google Analytics code to the site header” → run npm run deploy.

Commit your changes regularly using VS Code’s Source Control panel (the Git icon). Stage changes, write a commit message (e.g., “added FAQ section”), and commit. This protects your work and lets you roll back if Claude Code introduces a bug.

Step 9: Deploying to Cloudflare Pages
Login to Cloudflare Wrangler:

npx wrangler login
Your browser opens — authorize your Cloudflare account.

Add a deploy command to package.json: Ask Claude Code: “Deploy this website to Cloudflare Pages and add a deploy command to package.json.”

Claude Code will configure everything. Your site goes live at a *.pages.dev subdomain instantly — for free.

Cloudflare Pages vs Workers:

Use Pages for static websites (no backend logic) — which applies to all simple micro-tools
Use Workers if your tool needs server-side logic (database, APIs, authentication)
For most micro-tools, Cloudflare Pages is the right choice.

Every future update:

npm run deploy
That’s it. All changes go live in seconds.

Step 10: Buying and Connecting Your Domain
Now that the code works and is deployed, buy your domain (see Step 3 for registrar options).

Connecting to Cloudflare:

Go to cloudflare.com → Domains → Add a Domain
Enter your domain name → select the free plan
Delete all existing DNS records
Add an A record: Name @, Value 8.8.8.8 (temporary placeholder)
Copy the two Cloudflare nameservers provided
Go to your domain registrar → update the nameservers to the Cloudflare ones
Wait 10–30 minutes for propagation
Connecting to your Cloudflare Pages project:

Workers & Pages → your project → Settings → Custom Domains → add your domain → Continue → Activate Domain

Repeat for the www version. Both should be live within 15 minutes.

Critical: Fix the pages.dev duplicate content issue

Your site now exists on both yourdomain.com and yoursite.pages.dev. Google penalizes duplicate content. Since you can’t disable the .pages.dev domain on Cloudflare Pages, add a _headers file in your /public folder:

https://yoursite.pages.dev/*
  X-Robots-Tag: noindex
This tells Google bots not to index the .pages.dev version. Then run npm run deploy. Verify in Chrome DevTools (Network tab) that the X-Robots-Tag: noindex header appears on the .pages.dev URL and does not appear on your .com domain.

Step 11: Submitting to Search Engines
Google Search Console
Go to Google Search Console
Add your domain property
Verify ownership by adding a TXT DNS record in Cloudflare (DNS → Records → Add Record → Type: TXT, Name: @, paste the verification code)
Submit your sitemap: go to Sitemaps → enter sitemap.xml → Submit
Use URL Inspection → Request Indexing on your homepage URL
Google will start ranking your site over the next 4–6 months. The initial position will be low — that’s normal. As users engage with your tool and your quality signals build, the ranking climbs.

Bing Webmaster Tools
Go to Bing Webmaster Tools
Sign in with your Google account → Import from Google Search Console
Submit your URL for indexing
Bing powers DuckDuckGo, Yahoo, and multiple AI search engines — it’s worth the 5 minutes.

Promote Your Website
Share your tool everywhere it’s relevant:

Post on Reddit in related subreddits: “I built this free tool, would love feedback”
Answer questions on Quora with a link to your tool
Share on your social media
Send to friends and family
Every real user who visits and uses your tool sends a positive signal to Google that your content is valuable.

Step 12: Applying for Google AdSense
When to apply: Wait until you have at least 10 daily users consistently. Check this in Google Analytics (Real-time → Users). Applying too early with zero traffic will result in rejection.

How to apply:

Go to ads.google.com
Add your site → paste the AdSense code snippet into Claude Code: “Add this AdSense script to the site header” → deploy
Verify site ownership using ads.txt (Claude Code will create and deploy this file)
Click Request Review
AdSense reviews typically take a few days to a few weeks. If rejected, Claude Code can fix the issues they flag. Reapply. Most sites get approved on the second or third attempt.

Once approved, turn on Auto Ads — AdSense will automatically place ads in optimal positions across your site. Revenue appears in your AdSense dashboard, updated daily.

How Long Until You Start Earning?
Month 1–3: Website is live. Google is crawling it. Rankings are low. Keep building more tools.
Month 4–6: Rankings begin to climb if your SEO and content are solid. Usually 4–6 months to first meaningful traffic.
Month 6+: With consistent traffic (10+ daily users), apply for AdSense. First earnings appear.
Year 1: With 12 tools live, 1–3 will likely be driving consistent organic traffic. Passive income has begun.
Year 2: 24 tools. Compounding effect. The best tools keep growing. AdSense revenue scales with traffic.
The business model has zero marginal cost. You build once. The tool earns forever.

FAQ
How much money can I realistically earn from micro-tool websites?
Income varies based on traffic and niche. A single tool with 1,000 daily US visitors can earn ₹10,000–₹50,000/month through AdSense, depending on the CPM rate for your topic. With 10–15 tools generating consistent traffic, ₹1–4 lakh/month is achievable. I crossed ₹4 lakh/month within two years of starting.

Do I need coding knowledge to build these websites?
No. Claude Code and other AI coding tools handle 100% of the code. You need to be able to read basic instructions, describe what you want in plain English, and test the output. No programming background is required.

How long does it take to build one micro-tool website?
With AI assistance, 3–5 days from idea to live deployment. This includes finding the problem, building the site, doing SEO, and deploying. The more tools you build, the faster you get at the process.

Why AstroJS and not WordPress or Wix?
WordPress and Wix can work for blogs, but for tool websites that need maximum SEO performance, they’re slower and harder to customize. AstroJS generates pure static HTML — the fastest possible format for Google to crawl and rank. It’s also free, unlike Wix or WordPress hosting plans.

How long does it take to rank on Google?
Typically 4–6 months for new domains. This depends on your keyword’s competition level, your content quality, and your backlink profile. Low-competition keywords (where page 4 of Google has a government website or Quora thread) can rank in 6–8 weeks.

Will Google AdSense approve my website?
Yes, if you follow the guidelines. The four required pages (Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions, About Us, Contact Us) must be present and clearly linked. Your content must be original and useful. You need some traffic before applying. Most sites need 1–2 application attempts. I’ve had AdSense approved on 30+ websites.

What if none of my 12 tools go viral?
You still win. 12 live, deployed applications with real users is an extraordinary portfolio. In job interviews, this distinguishes you from every other candidate. You also gain experience in SEO, deployment, product thinking, and web development — skills that have high market value.

Can I do this while working a full-time job?
Absolutely. Building one tool per month requires roughly 3–5 days of focused work. Most people can fit that into evenings and weekends. Once a tool is deployed, it requires no ongoing maintenance unless you want to add features.

Is this only for Indian students, or can anyone do this?
Anyone can do this from anywhere in the world. The strategy of targeting US traffic means you don’t need to be in the US — you just need to create content and tools that solve problems US users search for. The AdSense account and Cloudflare account can be opened from any country.

What’s the best free AI coding tool right now?
Offers change frequently. At the time of writing, Cursor AI has a generous free tier and Gemini CLI is completely free for coding tasks. Check my YouTube channel’s AI coding playlist for the latest free options — I keep it updated.

Final Thoughts
The recession hit at the worst time. AI arrived and changed what skills were worth having. I had no job, no money, and no connections. But I had time, determination, and eventually — a method that worked.

This guide is that method, written out completely, with nothing held back. The only investment required is ₹1,000/year for a domain and the discipline to build one project every month.

If you follow this guide and launch your first tool, drop a comment on the video. I reply to every one. And when your first rupee comes in from AdSense, let me know — those messages are what keep me making content like this.

Keep building. Keep compiling the future.

CompileFuture
on
May 29, 2026
Uncategorized
Previous Article
Claude Code *Opus* for FREE using Amazon Kiro AI
Search
Search
Recent Posts
How i earn ₹ 4 Lakh a Month using this AI Business
Claude Code *Opus* for FREE using Amazon Kiro AI
Use Claude Code/Cowork for Free with Desktop APP 2026 (No GPU, No Ollama, No API Credits)
Claude Code FREE UNLIMITED (No Ollama, No GPU!) [OpenCode Minimax M2.5]
🚀 Claude Code Tutorial: Full AI Coding Workflow for Beginners (2026)
Featured Posts
claude code opus free amazon kiro ai offer
Uncategorized
Claude Code *Opus* for FREE using Amazon Kiro AI
CompileFuture
onMay 24, 2026
Claude Code FREE UNLIMITED (No Ollama, No GPU!) [OpenCode Minimax M2.5]
Claude Code FREE UNLIMITED (No Ollama, No GPU!) [OpenCode Minimax M2.5]
CompileFuture
onMay 8, 2026
0 Jobs to ₹4L/Month: The AI Business That Changed My Life
How i earn ₹ 4 Lakh a Month using this AI Business
CompileFuture
onMay 29, 2026
Read Next
Uncategorized
how to use claude code for free
CompileFuture
on
April 28, 2026
How to Use Claude Code FREE UNLIMITED (No GPU, No Limits!) 🤯
All Links: Install UV Python: https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/ Copy .env.example to .env Run Nvida Nim: Note: You…
Uncategorized
🚀 Claude Code Tutorial: Full AI Coding Workflow for Beginners (2026)
CompileFuture
on
April 29, 2026
🚀 Claude Code Tutorial: Full AI Coding Workflow for Beginners (2026)
All Resources Used in This Video: Links: Claude Code Website: https://claude.com/product/claude-code Skills.sh: https://skills.sh/ Compact…
Uncategorized
Claude Code FREE UNLIMITED (No Ollama, No GPU!) [OpenCode Minimax M2.5]
CompileFuture
on
May 8, 2026
Claude Code FREE UNLIMITED (No Ollama, No GPU!) [OpenCode Minimax M2.5]
Links and Code: OpenCode Website: https://opencode.ai/ Claude Code: https://claude.com/product/claude-code NodeJS :…
CompileFuture
Your Ultimate Destination for AI Tools, Free AI Resources, Developer Tools, Smart Coding Techniques, and Everything to Shape Tomorrow.
